huh yeah yeah the loneliness car
a voice I was totally knocked out oh you
missed something if you don't see her
lie
[Music]
there were times when I would look up
the god and I go why is this happening
to me
I come from a family of singers my mom
she was a little tough one whitney
because she knew it Whitney had they
were always a lot of secrets and you
know resulting that you don't deal with
these tell me that Robyn Crawford Robyn
was her safety net Bobby was jealous
his heart was he wanted to be able to
stage he wanted to be in the forefront
and eventually she stepped down to lift
him up anywhere else now one thing Paula
jewel ain't yet girls singing
off-key why did he do more I was
Whitney's drug of choice what was it
that drove them apart how much do you
think you spend did John ever try and
get rid of rubber were they in love you
must have known about the drug use
I never knew there was any addiction do
you think she understood herself hearing
their sing the star-spangled banner' she
made people proud that they were
Americans
she was beautiful I'm singing music from
my heart hot
[Music]